when Operation Operation Tempo increases. There's not a particular thing
that I do. Um, this work is challenging, and even if you're not,
even if you're not, uh, about to deploy your operation tip, it was high.
Anyway. It just stays high and will always be high, no matter what
community know what matter what community you're in. So it's almost
as if once it moves past the point, it's really ends up. You do.
It's all the same to you at my level. Is it? When I was a department
head, I was responsible for all types of things. All the time. Required
my attention on dear, just you. You just deal with it. You just
do the job, get one thing done at a time. If you can handle it, and
pretty soon you just move through it all. And that's really the best.
The best advice I can give about handling a high optempo situation